README.md, before:

# Arbitrum Nitro Full Node for Dappnode

This repo allows you to run an Aribtrum One Nitro Rolllup Full Node on [Dappnode](https://dappnode.com). ~~I (0xAtum) will support this repo until Dappnode's team decides to support it officially.~~

## Installation Prerequisites

You'll need access to synced ETH node.
No need to host it yourself, but if you do, you'll need a full Ethereum Mainnet Stack (Both Execution and Consensus Layer Clients) run locally.
If you don't want to host a full stack Ethereum Node yourself be sure to update the ETH_RPC_URL in the Config Tab. By default it uses `http://geth.dappnode:8545`.

## Running an Arbitrum Nitro Node

If this is your first time starting this Arbitrum One Nitro Node, go to the config tab and add `--init.url="https://snapshot.arbitrum.foundation/arb1/nitro-pruned.tar"` to the EXTRA_OPTS field in the config tab of the package.
This will download the Genesis Database for you.
Once the initial database has been downloaded, you can remove the flag.

### [Install Link](http://my.dappnode/#/installer/arbitrum-nitro.public.dappnode.eth)

## Specs

Average on a period of 24 hours

| Spec | Arbitrum Nitro Full Node | GETH Full Node |
|--|--|--|
| Storage (Sep 3, 2022) | 51 GB | 644 GB|
| CPU Usage | 0.31% | 5% |
| Memory Usage | 893 MB | 6.48 GB |
| Cached Memory Usage | 6.14 GB | 7.36 GB

Commit message:

Integrate-snapshot-init (#4)
* Adopt stakersUI

* integrate snapshot URL + StakersUI

* Update entrypoint.sh

* Update to current version with consensus client required version v2.3.0+

* add global env for CL and behin the setup wizard

* begin setup wizard

* add setup wizard and add more variables

* debug first pass

* fix indentation

* Fix comparison operator in entrypoint.sh

* bump local version to resolve install issues

* Update entrypoint.sh

* Update entrypoint.sh

* Update dappnode_package.json

* Apply suggestions from code review

* fix if statement syntax

* Update dappnode_package.json

* update env variable names to match setup wizard and docker compose file

* Update dappnode_package.json

* Apply suggestions from code review

* Update README.md

* Update getting-started.md

* Update setup-wizard.yml descriptions and formatting

* remove old entrypoint

* Apply suggestions from code review

set version down from testing

README.md, after:

# Arbitrum Nitro Full Node for Dappnode

This repo allows you to run an Aribtrum One Nitro Rolllup Full Node on [Dappnode](https://dappnode.com).
~~I (0xAtum) will support this repo until Dappnode's team decides to support it officially.~~

## Installation Prerequisites

You'll need access to synced ETH node.
As of Upstream Version v2.3.0+ Arbitrum Nitro requires not just an execution layer endpoint, but also a beacon chain endpoint.
Futher when syncing got yhe first time or if your node has been offline for 18 days or more, you'll need to provide a full Beacon Chain Checkpoint such as the Dappnode ETH Mainnet CL Checkpoint URL which is an option in the Config Tab and Setup Wizard.  Once you are fully synced please switch to using a local beacon chain connection via the `Global` option in the Setup Wizard or Config Tab.

There's no requirement to host the ETH Mainnet stack yourself locally, but it is strongly reccomended you that you do for full decentralization,
If you don't want to host a full stack Ethereum Node yourself be sure to update the Option in the Config Tab to `Custom` and provide your non-local or 3rd party RPC endpoints.

## Running an Arbitrum Nitro Node

If this is your first time syncing your Arbitrum One Nitro Node, it must be initialized first with a download of a DB.  This will be handled for you automatically, however if your initial sync is is iteruppted in the first step you likely will need to wipe the Arbitrum Nitro Data Dir and restart the package it will then re-download the initial Genesis database for you. Ask for support on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/dappnode) if you need help with determining if you need to do this.

### [Install Link](http://my.dappnode/installer/public/arbitrum-nitro.public.dappnode.eth)

## Specs

Average on a period of 24 hours

| Spec | Arbitrum Nitro Full Node | ETH Full Node |
|--|--|--|
| Storage (Sep 23, 2024) | ~780 GB | 1.6 TB Client Dependent |
